1. C
2. D
3. C
4. A
5. C
6. D
7. A
8. A,C
9. A
10.A,D

Q11: What are outliers? Explain the Inter Quartile Range(IQR) method for outlier detection.
Ans: They are the data points that an unusual observation meass differ fro the other observation.
     They are easliy detected by scatter plot visual technique.

     IQR - 1. Multiply the IQR by 1.5  the discern outliers.
	   2. Add 1.5 x IQR to the third quartile to fidnout any number greater than this is a suspected outlier.
	   3. Subtract 1.5 x IQR from the first quartile to findout any number less than this is a suspected outlier. 


Q12: What is the primary difference between bagging and boosting algorithms?
Ans: Bagging:
     In this the result is obtained by taking an average or mode of individual learners’ output.
     Boosting:
     It is a type of sampling technique in which we make a sample of same size as that of original dataset by replacing the points we already selected. So, some of the data points will always be repeated in the sample.


Q13: What is adjusted R2 in logistic regression. How is it calculated?
Ans: It is basically used to determined how reliable the correlation is and how much is determined by the addition of independent variables
     Formula: 1-|(1-R2)(n-1) / n-k-1 |
	N is the number of points in your data sample.
	K is the number of independent regressors.

Q14: What is the difference between standardisation and normalisation?
Ans: Standardisation
     It is the process of rescaling a variable so that the new scale will have a mean of 0 and standard deviation of 1.
     Normalisation
     It shrinks a variable’s range of values to a scale of 0 to 1.

Q15: What is cross-validation? Describe one advantage and one disadvantage of using cross-validation.
Ans: Cross validation is a method used to estimate the performance of machine learning models.
     
     Advantages:
     It's basically determine how accurate your model is on multiple and different subsets of data.
     
     Disadvatages:
     Its increases the training time of the model due to computations.
     